.TH man 1 "{{build_date}}" "{{version}}" "venom man page"

.SH NAME
venom \- GNOME Themes for Debian-8 system

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
venom
list

.B
venom
use [NAME]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Venom is package contains themes with monochrome, high-contrast,
no-border-radius, no-shadow. It also contains tool called
.B
venom
to active that themes. 
.B
venom
changes GTK-3, GNOME, metacity, icons theme and 
wallpaper.

Venom helps people focus on work, without effected from
complicated things. And it also improves performance of GNOME as a result.

.B
venom list
show theme's names.
.B

venom use
active theme by theme's name. Theme's name are list by
.B
venom list

.SH EXAMPLES

$ venom use black

.SH FILES
For each path below,
.B
<name>
is theme's name.

.TP 4
/usr/share/themes/<name>/theme.conf
Configurations of theme.

.TP
/usr/share/themes/<name>/gtk-3.0/
Directory contains asset of GTK-3.0 theme.

.TP
/usr/share/themes/<name>/gtk-2.0/
Directory, it isn't contains any thing, but it is required to system
realize GTK-3.0 theme.

.TP
/usr/share/themes/<name>/gnome-shell/
Directory contains asset of GNOME-3.14.x theme.

.TP
/usr/share/themes/<name>/metacity-1
Directory contains asset of window decoration.

.TP
/usr/share/icons/<name>/
Directory contains icons of theme.

.SH BUGS
Few of monochrome icons are missing. Dont' wory about it, it's still
appears but in colored.

Venom won't actives any themes after installed or restores default theme 
before removed because installing and removing is runs under root account,
current user won't be affected by
.B
gsettings
command.

Venom doesn't contains cursor theme, because it's dangerous. If error occurs,
or Venom was removed before restores default icon cursor then your cursor will
disapears.

You must run command
.B
venom use default
to restore default theme before remove venom from your system.

Some time
.B
venom use
won't changes themes immediately because
.B
gnome-shell
doesn't loads it correctly. Both solutions
.B
gnome-shell --replace
and
.B
killall -HUP gnome-shell
had bugs. If something isn't correct, use
.B
Alt + F2
then type
.B
r
to restart GNOME shell.

.SH REFERENCES 
Venom repository at https://github.com/kevin-leptons/venom.

Screen record video at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z9AfzKiYHM&t=65s

.SH AUTHORS
Kevin Leptons <kevin.leptons@gmail.com>
